0. 6.00.1x

## L1 PROBLEM 1 ##

1. What is the difference between an Algorithm and a Program? (An algorithm is a conceptual idea, a program is a concrete instantiation of an algorithm.)
2. True or False? A computational mode of thinking means that everything can be viewed as a math problem involving numbers and formulas. (T)
3. True or False? Computer Science is the study how to build efficient machines that run programs. (F)
4. The two things every computer can do are: ( Perform Calculations and Remember the results)

## L1 PROBLEM 2 ##
### True or False? ###

1. Declarative knowledge refers to statements of fact. (T)
2. Imperative knowledge refers to 'how to' methods. (T)
3. The recipe for deducing square root cannot be made into a real computer program because computers cannot guess a starting value for y. (T)


## L1 PROBLEM 3  ##
1. True or False? A stored program computer is designed to compute precisely one computation, such as a square root, or the trajectory of a missile. (F)
2. True or False? A fixed program computer is designed to run any computation, by interpreting a sequence of program instructions that are read into it. (F)
3. A program counter:
	* counts the number of primitive operations executed by the program.
	* counts the number of primitive operations comprising a complex operation. 
	* () points the computer to the next instruction to execute in the program. 
	* remembers how many times a program has been executed
4. What does it mean when we say that "the computer walks through the sequence executing some computation"?
	* The computer tests each instruction to ensure it will not harm the circuitry.
	* The computer executes the instructions in strict, linear sequence, just like walking in a straight line. 
	* () The computer executes the instructions mostly in a linear sequence, except sometimes it jumps to a different place in the sequence.
	* The computer slowly executes instructions so that we can follow its progress, rather than running a program at full speed.
5. True or False? In order to compute everything that is computable, every computer must be able to handle the sixteen most primitive operations. (F)

## L1 PROBLEM 4  ##

### Choose the term described by each of the following definitions. ###

Definitions:

1. Determines whether a string is legal (syntax)
2. Determines whether a string has meaning (static semantics)
3. Assigns a meaning to a legal sentence (semantics)

## L2 PROBLEM 1  ##
### For each of the following expressions, indicate the type of the expression. ### 

1. 3.14 (float)
2. -34 (int)
3. True (bool)
4. None (None Type)
5. 3.0 (float)

In Python, the keyword `None` is frequently used to represent the absence of a value. None is the only value in Python of type `NoneType`.

## L2 PROBLEM 3 ##

It's important to understand the priority of Boolean operations. The order of operations is as follows:

1. Parentheses. Before operating on anything else, Python must evaluate all parentheticals starting at the innermost level.
2. not statements.
3. and statements.
4. or statements.

What this means is that an expression like
`not True and False`
evaluates to `False`, because the not is evaluated first (`not True` is `False`), then the `and` is evaluated, yielding `False and False` which is `False`.

However the expression `not (True and False)` evaluates to `True`, because the expression inside the parentheses must be evaluated first - `True and False` is `False`. Next the `not` can be evaluated, yielding `not False` which is `True`.

Overall, you should always use parenthesis when writing expressions to make it clear what order you wish to have Python evaluate your expression. As we've seen here, `not (True and False)` is different from `(not True) and Fals`e - but it's easy to see how Python will evaluate it when you use parentheses. A statement like `not True and False` can bring confusion!